they transport the injured in Gaza by
the truck
full bloodied and bewildered often too
stunned to stand up
unsupported children carried down from a
Carnage of concrete fear Frozen on every
young
face
in Northern Gaza Israeli forces detain
dozens of men stripped then driven away
Destination
Unknown those not held stream south from
the shelter of a un supported
School a site they say that is no longer
safe we buried the dead in the school we
left other dead on the ground because we
were for forced to leave the hospital
quickly massacres are everywhere that
displaced are being killed in the
streets for the living what they lack
deepens their
despair we spend the last four days
under a Siege with no water no food and
nothing at all nothing absolutely
nothing a child who recently left
hospital as a newborn baby now leaves
the world amid TI
[Music]
farewells another parent deprived of
Hope but death brings grief regardless
of
age and for one man who's lost too much
it's
overwhelming vill marks Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer